README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated readme for project in progress

README.md, after:

# Calvary Stockholm ✝
##### Version 3: [Clement of Rome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Clement_I)

The app repo for calvarystockholm.se. If you're in the Stockholm area, give us a visit!

## Technologies used

- Front-end
	- Nextjs 10 (React v17)
	- Styled-components 
  
- Back-end
  - Google sheets w/ webhooks

### How to dev locally
```
yarn dev
```

### Deployment steps
Netlify is automatically tied to the master branch of this repo. As it gets updated, Netlify rebuilds and deploys.

### Site planning doc
[This doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1--GkULGkSRva8OvXBaKrW-euBJmzPJ68EVN2N5eIIUs/edit) serves as primary source for planning and development of the site.

### Events

TBD where these will live. Perhaps google sheets.

### Future plans & nice-to-haves
- Stock imagery replaced with home-grown photos
- Working CMS w/ netlify CMS
- Integration w/ Spotify playlists for latest worship songs (?)
- Integration w/ Facebook and social media strategy
- Sermon messages section
- Google Adwords grant ads strategy
